Were you aware of people coming into the town centre from the valleys when you were growing up?
Yes, every Thursday afternoon they came in, because it was half day closing up the valleys.
And they came in on Thursday afternoons to shop and they came in on the Taft station.
It's called Queenstead station now.
And opposite the Taft station on the other side of Newport Road was the old Rumley station.
Do you remember that one?
It's called the Rumley station, R-H-Y-M-N-E-Y.
Because the line still comes down.
It's like at the end of the parade.
You know you had one end coming into City Road, the other end and you crossed over sort of thing.
It was that way.
And that used to be also for the Taft station and the Rumley Halt.
It used to be all for the valleys.
Anything else like Newport, London, Cheltenham, Bridgend, you all went to the Tardig General.
They're still there, it's amazing.